README.md, before:

# Desk Mess

I got inspired by the non-linear, "save locally" [TiddlyWiki](https://tiddlywiki.com/)
and wanted to make something more akin to one of those pegboards filled
with images and string connecting them all. Or, a bunch of papers on a messy
desk. The person who organized it all knows where everything is, but
nobody else does.

## Goals

- Desktop-focused navigation (idk if I'll even add mobile support...)
- If mobile support is added, perhaps different navigation modes
- Ability to link cards together
- Ability to group cards together into "stacks"
- Different types of things you can put in cards
- Custom colors for cards... maybe
- Work and save locally like tiddly wiki
- Add files to cards. Do we save it directly into the card though?
  blobs make everything very large in b64.
- Individual card management menu (delete, id, link, etc)
- Change title of card (is that in menu? Do we use the title to drag cards around? Yeah)

Extended goals:

- Maybe an export of some kind for actual organization?
- Follow card tree and view as auto-organized nodes so you can see how 
  everything connects
- Display all cards of a "type" and a simplified view of how you get to them.
  For things like finding all todo lists
- Grid snapping for slightly less disorganization?

## Work in progress

This is very much a work in progress. IDK if I'll even finish it, just wanted to try
it out. Maybe it's a terrible idea, or maybe someone will point me to a much better
piece of software that does the same thing.

Commit message:

Readme, proper new card position (mostly)

README.md, after:

# Desk Mess

I got inspired by the non-linear, "save locally" [TiddlyWiki](https://tiddlywiki.com/)
and wanted to make something more akin to one of those pegboards filled
with images and string connecting them all. Or, a bunch of papers on a messy
desk. The person who organized it all knows where everything is, but
nobody else does.

## Features

- Create "cards" of various types anywhere you want visually
  - Text cards let you type markdown and render it
  - Chat cards let you dump thoughts as messages in a fake chatroom
- Set title, color, etc, resize, delete
- Fully local, save exact html and open it later where you left off,
  page will never update from underneath you (no server)
- Import/export raw data so you can upgrade to newer versions when desired

## Goals

- If mobile support is added, perhaps different navigation modes
- Ability to link cards together parent / child, build trees you can move around
- Different types of things you can put in cards (todo, drawing, etc)
- List all cards in simplified list tree view somewhere
- Add files to cards. Do we save it directly into the card though?
  blobs make everything very large in b64.
- Display all cards of a "type" and a simplified view of how you get to them.
  For things like finding all todo lists
- Grid snapping for slightly less disorganization?

## Work in progress

This is very much a work in progress. IDK if I'll even finish it, just wanted to try
it out. Maybe it's a terrible idea, or maybe someone will point me to a much better
piece of software that does the same thing.
